This is a chess variant. The game is divided into two phases: placement and play. Pawns start out on their normal squares. Player One places a rook on their backrank. The other player mirrors that placement. For example, if Player One puts a rook on b2, player Two puts a rook on b8. And then Player Two places the second rook wherever they like, with Player One mirroring. Player One puts any piece on any of their remaining backrank squares, with Player Two mirroring, and so on, until all pieces are placed. You then start the game.
Rooks: The King MUST go in between the rooks, which means the rooks can't be placed next to each other, and the last open space between the rooks is reserved for the King, if it hasn't been placed yet.
Bishops: In the version I'm posting, both of a player's bishops CAN be of one color. Because the position is mirrored, the other player's bishops are then both of the opposite color. Playing through against the computer a little, I think this is pretty interesting. Same color bishops can defend each other like knights can. You can make a bishop-bishop battery. But maybe it would lose its novelty after a while and just be really drawish. Though a player who doesn't want this to happen can always prevent it in the set-up phase. Thoughts?

Castling: Once there are no pieces in between the rook and King, the King can move next to the rook, and then they switch places. If they're already next to each other, they simply switch. For instance, if the King were on c1 and castled with a rook on f1, the king would end up on f1 and the rook on e1. This feels less artificail than copying the squares from traditional chess, more how it would be if the game had evolved this way from the start.
